{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13060\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 READ ME\
\
PATATAP Game\
\
Patatap game needs howler.js and paper.js frameworks to make it work. The source code is provided for you. This is a good example to see how howler.js library is being used in simple applications. You can make your own music and use different shapes with different animations.  \
\
You can follow the explanation on this link: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://shahsparx.me/paper-js-howler-js-example/"}}{\fldrslt https://shahsparx.me/paper-js-howler-js-example/}} \
\
Paper.js framework has its own visual methods. These methods are not easy to read. I recommend you to not to use it. But it is a good source for inspiration. Press keyboard buttons to interact with the application. \
\
BREAKOUT Game\
\
It is the same game from the Christmas break. I have just added sound on it. Just a few people completed the Breakout game. So, maybe you would like to do it now and add some sound as well. Create your own Breakout game.   \
\
MUSIC PLAYER Game\
\
I have created this one for you. It has a lot of room for improvement. You may just use this game as a base and improve/change it. You can make the falling balls random in the other columns. Make them asynchronous. Also you can change the the visuals. \
\
You can just modify all these examples or just see them as an inspiration. Come up with your own game idea and develop your game.\
\
I understand that you may think all these game homework are trivial. But actually you are learning a lot this way. These are basic peace of softwares that you should be able to program not specifically as a game programmer but as a \'91programmer\'92 in any field.   \
\
How to play: Use \'91 A-S-D-F-G \'92 buttons as the control buttons in a row assigned to the circles from left to right. So, A=Yellow,\
S=Green,\
D=Blue,\
F=Purple,\
G=Red\
\
You should press the right button when the matching color is on the control circle. If you press it right time, you will hear a sound assigned to that color.  \
\
The most important part: Use your creativity and have fun! \
\
P.S: Place an \'91easter egg\'92 to your application:)  If you find my easter egg in MusicPlayer game I am gonna know it:)) A surprise is waiting for you!\
\
What is \'91easter egg\'92 in software?: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Easter_egg_(media)"}}{\fldrslt https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Easter_egg_(media)}}\
\
Coolest easter eggs (Take a look at them. They are hilarious ): {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://blog.hubspot.com/marketing/best-internet-easter-eggs-list"}}{\fldrslt https://blog.hubspot.com/marketing/best-internet-easter-eggs-list}}}